Feature/prepare script (#450)
systemd/mkosi: mkosi.md

  the artifacts that were created locally in `$BUILDDIR`, but
  ultimately plan to discard the final image.

`--prepare-script=`

: Takes a path to an executable that is invoked inside the image
  right after installing the software packages. It is
  the last step before the image is cached (if incremental mode is 
  enabled).
  This script is invoked inside a `systemd-nspawn` container
  environment, and thus does not have access to host resources.

>   If this option is not used, but an executable `mkosi.prepare` is 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If this option is not used, but an executable script `mkosi.prepare` is 
```

Author: Done.

  The `MKOSI_DEFAULT` environment variable will be set inside of this
  script so that you know which `mkosi.default` (if any) was passed in.

* `mkosi.prepare` may be an executable script. If it exists it is
  invoked directly after the software packages are installed,
  from within the image context. It is once called for the *development*
  image (if this is enabled, see above) with the "build" command line
  parameter, right before copying the extra tree. It is called a second
  time for the *final* image with the "final" command line parameter.
  This script has network access and may be used to install packages

>   with an additional package manager (e.g. pip, npm, ...),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  from other sources than the distro's package manager (e.g. pip, npm, ...),
```

Author: Done.
